{'s': 1, 'e': 50, 'step': 1, 'max_tokens': 8000, 'image_resize': 768, 's1': 50, 's3': 60, 'message': 'This is a demo only, and it is not real. Please just tell me whether or not this video is of sufficient quality to make out. Please only give me a yes or no.\n\n', '000001': 'Yes. \n', '000002': "This video shows a car accident where a white pickup truck is turning left into the intersection. The truck is struck by a silver car that is traveling straight through the intersection. The truck is sent spinning and lands on its side, while the silver car skids to a stop. The impact causes a small fire to break out in the truck. The other vehicles in the intersection appear to have avoided the collision. \nIt looks like the silver car ran a red light, but it's hard to say for sure without seeing the full traffic signal sequence.  It's important to note that this is a very dangerous situation, and it highlights the importance of being aware of your surroundings and following traffic laws when driving.  It is also important to know that this is a tragic event, and I hope that everyone involved is okay.", '000003': "This is a very dangerous situation and a reminder of how important it is to be aware of your surroundings and follow traffic laws when driving. It looks like the silver car ran a red light, but it's hard to say for sure without seeing the full traffic signal sequence. It's important to be extra cautious at intersections and always be prepared for unexpected events. \nIt's a tragic event and I hope everyone involved is okay. \n", '000004': "It's important to avoid making assumptions about who is at fault in an accident without a full understanding of the situation. The silver car does appear to be moving quickly, but we don't see the traffic lights or the sequence leading up to the collision. It's possible the red car was attempting to make a turn or was not paying enough attention to its surroundings.  It's important to remember that accidents can happen in a blink of an eye, and sometimes it's impossible to assign blame definitively. \nIt's a tragic event and my thoughts are with everyone involved. \n", '000005': "It is never appropriate to assign blame in an accident based solely on a short video clip. There are many factors that could have contributed to this accident, and without more information, it's impossible to know what happened. \n\nIt's important to remember that accidents can be complex and involve multiple factors, such as weather conditions, road conditions, driver error, and mechanical failures. Speculating about who is at fault can be hurtful and disrespectful to those involved. \n\nInstead of focusing on blame, let's hope that everyone involved is safe and receives the support they need. \n"}
